Yes this plan too
Number of books
It does not have to be a limited super boss
Even Galaxy Quest Extras
There's one guy there's a huge boss and it's limited
This time recording
Yeah I think you can use the character
Well charge impact or myself among the members
It is easy to match
Is it Gogeta?
Well I am only round guy this guy
Starting with 2000 yen
The avatar right and left man man elite record and restore energy by saying Meister
Round it up to 3
Please continue
Esodesune Robosukiru Round One Day
It is until this is round 3 for the time being whether it is good for Hero Energy Plus
Yes
If you put in you in the 3 aim
Combat power for all
Please put out in the 2000 area
And the damage that I have received so far
In addition the power of this rises
You are transformed into a super budget .
Well I field is super Sage cut upside down rate
And 8100 abilities to increase the damage done to the enemy by the damage received so far
It also triggers
In round 3
Janemba baby's transfer attack is triggered a
I guard damage reduction effect of it Klatt enemy will be disabled by persistent
After all, intensive attack is only it
Quite
I think it is simple and easy to use
And it's accounting settled in this round 3
At least
As soon as round 4 starts
In this ability of your own ability will be fully restored in reverse chance with r
As if to go there and go to there
A picture of this
Referred to as the limit of Battle
I will activate the ability I will give to the enemy if the hit point is less than half
Damage is multiplied by 1.2
Yes
And after Land 4 and after this attack is over , sparking is activated and it certainly becomes an enemy
Was the damage done four times?
Well , to home because 8 100 abilities are triggered in round 3
From then on it will not trigger 8100 abilities, but the burst will only trigger a little
Damage to the enemy will increase
It is so simple to say that there is this time
Simple
So pretty strong and have
I have to endure a little bit, but to attack
I have to endure it
It is quite easy to use. Until round 37
a Well I am only this guy
In 23 areas of combat power
It is only the place to put out, but myself
Escape to the 2000 area of Energy Plus 2 and this heel until the round
Well
3 rounds because the soul
And out only one person this guy will be on the heel Energy is therefore Well + as also in Round 2
Ne
Hmmm
Well it is
Hero energy necessary for the special move of this guy
To combat force 3000 area to shut up it is Tara longed express
I only have to leave the manners home
Hmm
It is quite Museum turn of how to move how to use Neun
It is a little different from the previous lock on version
Hmmm
With burst
sparking
If there is a big difference, yes
For example , where is it necessary to go to the person of the abode
Please use it if it is good